A. Drawings and general provisions of Contract, including General and Supplementary Conditions
B. Respondent must clearly identify all exceptions, clarifications, or other variations from contract
and page, providing the proposed substitution, alternative or economic credit represented in
to or referenced in their offer pricing.
C. Error in or conflict among requirements not specifically identified in the response shall be
D. The Vertical Transportation Drawings are part of this specification package and compliance
E. The SDIA Design and Construction Standards as well as the SDIA Terminal 1 Replacement
A. Work Included:  Provide materials, labor, and services necessary for the safe, orderly,
B. Where a component, device, system, or part of the equipment is referred to in the singular, such
C. Related Work:
elevator controller panels.
feeder wiring to controller panels for car lights.
switch in elevator control room.
9. 120-volt G.F.C.I. convenience outlets in control rooms, overheads, and pits.
13. Finish painting except as noted.
16. Appropriate analog telephone lines, jacks and wiring to elevator controller panels.
18. For elevators exposed to the exterior, the area in front of the elevator entrances shall be
mounted in the elevator cars. Cables shall be routed from the homerun location to the
A. Applicable Codes (Latest Edition):
6. American Disabilities Act - ADAAG published in 28 CFR Part 36 Federal Register.
7. National Electrical Code - NFPA 70.
8. National Fire Protection Association - NFPA 72.
9. Fire Test of Door Assemblies NFPA 252
10. American Welding Society (AWS) D1.1 - Structural Welding Code – Steel.
(ANSI A117.1).
A. The following definitions apply to work of this Section:
12. <Concealed=: embedded in masonry or other construction, installed in furred spaces,
within double partitions or hung ceilings, underground, in crawl spaces or enclosures, or
otherwise out of view in normal observation.
15. <Similar= or <equal=: of base bid manufacturer, equal in materials, weight, size, design,
and efficiency of specified product, conforming to <Acceptable manufacturers.=
A. The controller system shall provide smooth acceleration and deceleration with 1/8-inch leveling
accuracy at all landings, from no load to full rated load in the elevator, under normal or
B. The floor-to-floor performance time under the above criteria shall be 12.6 seconds (floor-to-
floor time is measured from the start of door close at one floor to 3/4 open at the next floor).
C. The door open time shall be 2.5 seconds  (time measured from start of door open to fully open).
D. The door close time shall be based on the Code requirements with a door delay feature. The
door delay is the minimum acceptable time from notification that a car is answering a call
(lantern and audible signal) until the doors of the car start to close. Time shall be calculated by
2. T = Total time in seconds.
3. D = Distance from a point in the lobby 5 feet-0 inches directly in front of the hall call
station to the centerline of the door opening.
E. Car Call: The minimum acceptable time for doors to remain fully open shall not be less than 3-
F. The speed of the elevator shall not vary plus or minus 5-percent under loading conditions.
G. Ride Quality requirements shall include a horizontal acceleration measured inside of the cab
H. Vertical acceleration and deceleration shall free of bumps, jerk, and sway and shall be not
I. Prior to final acceptance and prior to the termination of the warranty maintenance period, the
J. Design equipment as indicated on Contract Documents including spectral response acceleration
K. Limit overall elevator noise emissions to the building to the following maximum A-weighted
sound pressure levels in any mode of operation:
1. 60-decibels measured 3 feet-0 inches from any piece of equipment in the machine room.
3. 45-decibels measured in the elevator lobby 10 feet-0 inches from the elevator doors.
A. Shop Drawings and Samples:
1. Provide quantities per Submittal Section and as indicated herein.  In the event of conflict,
2. Provide Subcontractor’s (including manufacturers and installer’s) current certifications
applicable codes and have been approved for installation and accepted as complete on at
panels or 12-inch lengths as applicable.
B. Equipment Brochures and Service Manuals:
in organized fashion, and provide a complete digital set on CD or other portable media,
a. Equipment and components, descriptive literature.
b. Performance data, model number.
c. Installation instructions.
d. Operating instructions.
e. Maintenance and repair instructions.
f. Spare parts lists.
g. Lubrication instructions.
h. Record layout drawings.
i. Wiring diagrams.
C. Closeout Submittals:
line wiring diagrams showing all electrical circuits in the hoistway as well as the machine
area and controller room. These diagrams shall be bound in an 8 1/2-inch by 11-inch
binder and located in the elevator machine room as directed.
service cabinet, and others if provided. Locate an additional set of keys in the elevator pit.
with a closeout submittal as required in Key Schedule specification section.
contract and per unit type.
equipment is manufactured in accordance with the specifications.
A. The elevators and associated equipment shall be free of defective material, imperfect work, and
A. The elevator contractor shall provide a customer service tool (provide for each type of vertical
B. It is recognized that each manufacturer’s system contains components that are proprietary to the
C. Diagnostic, adjusting and monitoring tools for all components including documents, manuals,
wiring diagrams and spare parts as listed in this specification shall be provided in each machine
D. Manufacturer shall guarantee to support the equipment for this project regarding notification to
E. Provide contact information for the Original Equipment Manufacturer’s parts supplier or
F. Provide a list of parts of each component manufactured and stored at the warehouse and the
G. Provide contact information for technical support so that the Purchaser or designated service
Contractor can obtain technical support on a 24-hour basis to aid in troubleshooting problems.
H. Stock on site parts which have long lead times; a list which shall be provided by the elevator
3. One set of boards for each model being provided under this contract.
A. General:  The General Contractor will require the use of elevators during construction, he shall
called for in Section 1.9 shall not commence until the entire project has been accepted.
B. Maintenance:  Elevators shall be maintained on a regular basis during the temporary
C. Damage:  The Owner is entitled to receive new elevator equipment upon final acceptance of the
be repaired or replaced to ensure the equipment is in new condition.  Final acceptance and
D. Schedule:  Sufficient time must be allowed to prepare and adjust temporary elevators so that the
A. Provide twelve (12) month warranty maintenance service beginning at the start of the warranty
approved by elevator manufacturer and with a minimum five (5) years minimum experience.
B. Provide pricing for three (3) years of continuing maintenance upon the completion of the
included in the base installation bid.  Warranty maintenance shall commence upon completion
C. All maintenance shall be performed per the SDIA maintenance contract requirements.
A. Power: 480-volts, 3-phase, 60-hertz. Subcontractor to verify.
B. Lighting: 120-volts, 1-phase, 60-hertz.
A. All permits, and certificates as required shall be provided.
2.1 MANUFACTURERS
A. Product of individuals, firms or corporations regularly engaged in manufacturing elevators
comparable with this contract and in satisfactory operation for a period of not less than five (5)
B. Qualified Bidders / Models (in alphabetical order)
C. The listing of the models is for general reference.  Companies are required to meet all
D. Substitute model products shall not be offered as a base bid unless agreed upon beforehand in
design team reserves the right to reject the offer in its entirety.
2.2 MATERIALS
A. Aluminum: Extrusions as per ASTM B221.
B. Plywood Backing: PS-1-83, A-D Interior Grade Douglas fir. Fire treat per AWPA with a
C. Sheet Steel (Painted): ASTM A1008; cold-rolled, stretcher-leveled, furniture grade; free from
D. 316L Satin Stainless Steel: As per ASTM A167, Type 316L series, with finish as specified.
E. 316L Textured Stainless Steel - at service elevator: As per ASTM A167, Type 316, Rigidized or
approved equal textured stainless-steel pattern 5WL®, with satin finish as specified.
2.3
2.4 PASSENGER ELEVATOR LIST
A. Also, Refer to, Vertical Transportation Drawings.
2.5 OUTLINE OF EQUIPMENT
A. Passenger Elevators
1. Contract Load, in Pounds
2. Contract Speed, in FPM
3. Class of Loading
Overhead in hoistway
5. Machine Type
6. Type of Control
9. Car and Hoistway Door Operation
10. Door Protection
12. Hoistway Doors
Minimum 14-gauge 316L Satin Stainless Steel at
Minimum 14-gauge 316L Satin Stainless-Steel
Extend full width so that doors remain in sill
when in fully open position.  Milled stainless-
steel sills at all openings with a non-slip surface.
Doors and fronts shall be 316L Satin Stainless
Steel; minimum 14 gauge.  Provide a baked
Provide milled stainless-steel sills and matching
front returns.  Extend full width so that doors
remain in sill when in fully open position.
grade plywood
18. Car Operating Panels
Auxiliary panels shall be provided only on
Single Riser per Group; In Case of Fire and Fire
21. Fire and Engineer’s Control Panels
with activation switches in the service cabinet.
exterior elements.  Provide galvanized metal in
the hoistway or paint all non-running surfaces
with 3 coats of rust inhibiting paint.  Protect door
operator with galvanized sheet steel cover.  All
switches in the hoistway shall be in NEMA 4 or
surfaces of hoistway and car doors shall be 316L
Satin Stainless Steel or painted with 3 coats of
rust inhibiting paint.
B. Service Elevators
2. Contract Load, in Pounds
3. Contract Speed, in FPM
4. Class of Loading
Overhead in hoistway
6. Machine Type
7. Type of Control
10. Car and Hoistway Door Operation
11. Door Protection
Extend full width so that doors remain in sill
when in fully open position Provide milled
stainless-steel sills at all openings with a non-
Doors shall be a minimum 14-gauge 316L
Textured Stainless Steel; Frames shall be a
stainless-steel finish
Stainless Steel.  Fronts shall be a minimum 14-
gauge 316L Satin Stainless Steel.  Handrail and
milled 316L stainless-steel sills and matching sill
doors remain in sill when in fully open position
Satin Stainless Steel checker plate installed over
grade plywood.
17. Car Operating Panels
Main on all cars.  Auxiliary panel shall be
Single riser:  In Case of Fire and Fire Instruction
20. Fire and Engineer’s Control Panels
Required; One panel at each location which will
2.6 OWNER DRIVEN ALTERNATES:
A. Change reference to stainless steel to reflect 316L stainless steel.
B. Add Special project warranty
C. Weather proofing:  Added NEMA 4 or validated equal to "watertight enclosures.
D. Maintenance Service:  Pricing for 3 years continuing maintenance; break out pricing
1.2.C.28:  Revised to Read: The flooring on all cars shall be ¾= thick epoxy terrazzo tile
2.4.A.18 & 2.10.A.9:  Revised to Read:  Provide 2-inch recess for flooring.  Minimum sill
subfloor shall consist of 2 layers of marine grade plywood. Provide two layers of ¾ inch marine
grade plywood which shall be continuously glued together and anchored with bolts countersunk
through the plywood and steel plate cab shell for the subfloor. Configure equipment and cab to
accept the thickness and weight  of the flooring, tile setting, sub-floor, and all finishes.
2.8.K.  Revised Gauge: All hoistway doors, frames, car doors, car fronts and shells shall be a
2.9.D Added:  Platform to be a minimum 1/4-inch-thick reinforced steel plate.
2.9.A.5 Added:   Sills shall be grouted solid to the platform.
2.9.A.13 Revised to Read:  Handrail:  End caps are to be welded flush and ground smooth.
Bottom rail:  4-inch bar type handrails / bumper rails located at 8 inches above finished floor on
2.7 CONTROL ROOM EQUIPMENT
A. Provide equipment to fit space conditions shown; all costs for re-design of, and revisions to,
B. VVVF Motor Drive: Provide VVVF motor drive as follows:
7. The drive shall not create excessive audible noise in the elevator motor.
C. Isolation Transformer: Provide necessary isolation transformers, reactors, capacitors, and other
D. Isolation Mounts:  Provide vibration isolation, of an approved type, which shall effectively
inch for mounting the motor and gear box. Acceptable mounts are Mason Industries Type BR or
E. Isolation shall be provided for the following:
F. Controller: Provide enclosed controller panels with ventilated cabinets and hinged or removable
doors. Provide permanently marked symbols or letters identical to those on wiring diagrams
protected from accidental contact when the doors are open.
(EMI) immunity in compliance with EN12015.
G. Components: The microprocessor-based group dispatcher and communications network shall be
1. Provisions shall be made in the dispatch computer so that the elevator system dispatching
2. The latching circuitry (outputs) shall be fail-safe design that turns off all the outputs in
3. Power Supplies: All power supplies utilized shall be UL recognized. They shall all have
securely mounted on a substantial, self-supporting steel frame. The equipment shall be
5. Wiring: All factory wiring shall utilize UL labeled copper wires. All wiring
7. Provide extender boards when computing devices are used inside a computer chassis to
H. Printed Circuits and Related Hardware:
1. All solid-state hardware and devices shall have built-in noise suppression devices that
3. The use of relays as input/output devices is not acceptable.
7. In the event of a power failure or interruption, the system shall be designed so that it will
8. System memory shall be provided so that data shall not be lost in the event of a power
9. Conduits or other wiring shall not be exposed in the lobby or other occupied parts of the
I. Speed Regulation:
shall be independent of the operating devices in the car.
J. Diagnostic Tools: Elevator Subcontractor shall provide all on-board diagnostic tools and
stored in the software programs.
3. A complete dictionary of fault codes with recommended steps for resolution, in sequence
K. Seismic Protective Features: Provide the following:
2.8 OPERATING SYSTEMS
A. Provide a closed-loop solid-state microprocessor system to provide car and group operational
B. Duplex Selective Collective: For 2 car groups
1. With two cars in service, one car shall normally park at the main floor (<home car=).  The
other car (<free car=) shall park at landing last served with doors closed.
a. A call registered on the home car buttons.
b. An up-hall call from the landing below the free car while the free car is traveling
c. An up or down call registered from the landing above the free car while it is
d. Inability of the free car to clear all hall calls within approximately 40 seconds.
e. Registration of car call button shall cause the car to start. The car shall respond to
its own car calls and corridor calls, in the direction of travel, and in order in which
4. Only one car shall stop in response to anyone-hall call. The first car to complete all calls
transfer. Doors shall close after a predetermined interval, unless the car is parked at the
main floor, after opening unless closing is interrupted by car door reversal device or door
open button in car
transfer. Doors shall close after a predetermined interval, unless the car is parked at the
main floor, after opening unless closing is interrupted by car door reversal device or door
open button in car.
7. Programmed Door Control: Separate adjustable times shall be provided for each car to
a. Dispatch Protection: The system shall automatically provide dispatching in the
b. Delayed Car Protection: The system shall automatically disassociate a car from the
Group System in the event the car is delayed for a predetermined time. The car
c. Designated Parking: The system shall provide for car to park as designated by the
d. Next Car: The car selected, as next up at the lobby floor shall park with its door
open. If an absence of calls exists, the door shall close automatically as
C. Simplex Selective Collective For Single Elevators
call was registered.  If a call is registered at the floor when the car is idle, the doors shall
hall calls, in that direction, have been answered.
be answered after car has completed its calls in the direction of travel.
transfer.  Doors shall close after a predetermined interval after opening unless closing is
interrupted by car door reversal device or door open button in car.
6. Hall call registration lamps shall not extinguish until the doors begin to open on the
transfer.  Doors shall close after a predetermined interval after opening unless closing is
interrupted by car door reversal device or door open button in car.
9. Programmed Door Control: Separate adjustable times shall be provided to establish
10. Provisions shall be made in the dispatch computer so that the elevator system dispatching
D. Security Operation:
3. There shall be a minimum 4-inch by 4-inch space within the car operating panels  and on
5. Provide junction box or demarcation cabinet in control rooms to create a clean line of
E. Independent Service: Provide controls to remove elevators from normal operation and provide
respond to corridor calls.  Provide seismic indication in car as required by ANSI A17.1 – 2004,
F. Car Top Operation: Provide per Code requirements.
G. Emergency Recall Operation (Fire Service): Provide operation and equipment per Code
H. Ascending Car Overspeed and Unintended Car Movement Protection: Provide operation to
I. Seismic Operation: Provide operation and equipment per Code.
J. Load Weighing: Provide automatic load weighing device set at approximately 80-percent of full
occupancy status for monitoring in Fire Control Panel.
K. False Call Canceling: Provide device to cancel all car calls when car loading is not equal to the
L. Fan and Light Output Timer: Provide an adjustable timer (range 1 to 10-minutes) that when
M. Door Hold Operation:  Provide controls and a button within main car panel that shall hold the
doors open for an adjustable period of 30 to 90-seconds. The following shall resume normal
door operation:
1. Activation of door close button.
N. Standby / Emergency Power and Operation: Elevator Subcontractor shall provide operation as
returned to the main lobby one (1) elevator at a time and remain there with the doors
This automatic selection may be overridden through manual selection located in Fire
Control Panel.
2.9 HOISTWAY EQUIPMENT
A. Guide Rails: Planed steel, standard T-sections; formed rails are unacceptable. Extend rails from
a. Provide individual brackets of enough length to span between the guide rail
b. If concrete embeds are to be utilized for bracket attachment, they shall be furnished
B. Buffers: .  Provide struts and lateral bracing as required.  Mount on continuous channels secured
C. Machine Assembly: Provide steel beams, channels and bearing plates to support overhead
D. Machine: AC Gearless traction type machine with synchronous permanent-magnet motor.
located in overhead of hoistway.
E. Encoder: Provide solid-state, optical, digital-count type, mechanically coupled to car, machine
F. Overhead Sheaves: Provide cast iron machined and grooved for diameter of suspension means
and supported by steel beams or channels. Provide guards designed to withstand shock and
G. Compensation: As required for speed and duty.  Provide encapsulated chain type and pit
H. Counterweight: Structural steel channel frame with metal filler weights.  Provide metal guards
I. Counterweight Guides: Provide manufacturers standard guides as part of model package.
1. Roller type guides to provide smooth and quiet ride, substantially free of rumbles, bumps,
2. Sliding guides required for speed and duty, either solid or swivel type with replaceable
J. Counterweight Sheaves: Provide cast iron machined and grooved for diameter of ropes and
K. Suspension Means:
1. Either steel type hoist ropes or belts shall be provided.  They shall have the following
a. Provide traction steel type hoist ropes.  Quantity, size, and type as required for
b. Provide polyurethane coated belts with high-tensile-grade, zinc-plated, stranded
steel cables, in adequate and appropriate size and quantity as required for duty.
displayed in the primary means of controller or system diagnosis.
L. Governor Ropes: Provide size and type required for duty; adequately fasten and secure.
M. Governor: Overhead centrifugal type, car driven, with electrical shutdown switches. Locate the
governor within the overhead as indicated with appropriate tail weight in pit.  Provide a self-
resetting tension-type governor.  Where approved by the local authority having jurisdiction, the
N. Safety: Flexible guide clamp, Type B for car and counterweight where there is occupied space
O. Pit Access Ladders: Provide Code compliant pit ladder in all pits.
P. Wiring:
outer cover.  Install in galvanized metal wireways and raceways. Conductors from shaft
riser to door interlocks shall be SF-2 type or equal, maximum operating temperature 392-
2. Traveling Cables: UL-labeled fire and moisture resistant outer braid and steel supporting
Security and Fire Control Panel.
guards.  Provide switch in service cabinet to control under car lighting.
5. Stop Switches: Provide Code required stop switches in the pit and in the machinery space
Q. Seismic Protective Features: Provide per the Code requirements the following:
2.10 ENTRANCE EQUIPMENT
A. General: Provide entrance assembly with a 1 1/2-hour rating. The equipment manufacturer or a
vendor approved by the manufacturer shall fabricate the entrance assemblies.
B. Refer to architectural drawings for details on finishes.
C. Entrance Frames:
1. Passenger Elevators: Fabricate 14-gauge 316L Satin Stainless Steel welded and mitered
2. Service Elevators: Fabricate entrance frames from 14-gauge, 316L Satin Stainless Steel
D. Entrance Signage:
background and include braille per local Accessibility Guidelines.  Grade or main egress
E. Hoistway Sills:
1. All sills shall be extended such that the door panels shall remain in the sill when the
doors are in the fully open position.
2. Provide milled stainless-steel sills at all openings with a non-slip surface.
F. Sill Supports:
1. Passenger Elevators:  Provide manufacturers standard integrated sill support angles
2. Service Elevators:  Designed for Class C loading provide 5 inch by 5 inch by ½ inch
G. Struts: Minimum 3-inch continuous hot rolled or formed steel angle with secure fastening to sill
H. Headers: Minimum 3/16-inch formed steel designed to support hangers. Header shall be bolted
I. Dust Covers: Removable, full length manufacturer’s standard gauge steel. Covers shall be made
in sections for convenient access to hangers.
J. Fascia: Manufacturer’s standard gauge steel plates extending from top of header to sill of door
above or beam above if there is no door opening. Provide continuous blind fascia if front
hoistway walls are not built out where openings do not exist. Alternatively, provide a car door
interlock that prevents the doors from being opened unless the car is within the unlocking zone.
K. Hoistway Doors:  Door panels shall be hollow metal flush door construction. Provide
reinforcement by formed vertical sections running full height of door. Doors shall be provided
of the door panel. Center opening doors shall be provided with full length rubber astragal at
leading edge of each door.  Finishes to extend completely around door panels and overlap a
fasteners.
1. Passenger Elevators:  Minimum14 gauge 316L Satin Stainless Steel at all openings.
2. Service Elevators: Minimum14 gauge 316L Textured Stainless Steel at all openings.
L. Floor Numbers: Elevator hoistway doors shall have their floor number located on the hoistway
side, placed at intervals such that a person in a stalled elevator, upon opening the car door, can
determine the floor position.  Floor numbers shall be no less than 4-inches in height.
M. Sight Guards: Provide for each landing door panel, constructed of Manufacturer’s standard
gauge furniture steel. Finish shall match doors.
N. Hangers: Provide two-point suspension sheave type with provisions for vertical and lateral
adjustments. Sheaves shall be minimum 2 1/4-inches in diameter with sealed ball or roller
O. Tracks: Cold drawn steel shaped and finished to permit free movement of sheaves. Bottom of
track shall be in contact with up thrust roller.
P. Closers: Sash, spring or spirator type.
Q. Interlocks: Electrical contacts shall prevent the operation of the elevator by normal operating
devices unless hoistway doors are closed or within tolerances allowed by Code.
2.11 CAR EQUIPMENT
A. Loading Classification and Requirements:
1. All  elevators shall be designed for Class C-3 loading following the design data and
formulas identified in the Code.  Including, but not limited to, the car frame, platform,
B. Car Frame: Welded or bolted steel channel construction; material thickness to be manufacturers
C. Car Sheaves: Same as counterweight sheaves.
D. Platform: Isolated type, steel frame with steel subfloor, fireproof on underside. Cab shell
platform shall be a minimum of ¼ inch thick reinforced steel plate. Provide under-car work
lighting and connect to a switch under the car and in the service cabinet.
E. Car Guides: Provide guides as part of standard model package.  Roller type guides shall provide
F. Toe Guards: Per Code.
G. Hangers: Provide two-point suspension sheave type with provisions for vertical and lateral
adjustments. Sheaves shall be minimum 2 1/4-inches in diameter with sealed ball or roller
H. Tracks: Cold drawn steel shaped and finished to permit free movement of sheaves. Bottom of
track shall be in contact with up thrust roller.
I. Door Protection:
1. Infrared detector: Provide an infrared door edge that projects an infrared curtain of light
guarding the door opening. Arrange to reopen doors if one (1) beam of the curtain is
provide the maximum amount of protection within the height of the doorway. Systems
2. Differential door timing feature: Provide adjustable timers to vary the time that the doors
remain open in response to a car or hall call. The doors shall remain open for one second
in response to a car call and five to eight-seconds for a hall call. This time shall be
reduced to 1/2-second if the proximity detector is interrupted. The doors shall remain
3. Nudging: When doors are prevented from closing for 20-seconds due to failure of the
proximity device or obstruction, the doors shall close at reduced speed and a buzzer shall
J. Door Operators: Provide heavy-duty master electric power door operators to automatically open
and close the car and hoistway doors. The operator shall utilize velocity and distance feedback
speed control. The doors shall be capable of smooth and quiet operation without slam or shock.
1. Opening speed shall not be less than 3.0 FPS with reversal in no more than 2 1/2-inches.
2. An auxiliary-closing device shall automatically close hoistway doors if car leaves the
3. In case of power interruption, it shall be possible to manually operate car and hoistway
doors from inside the cab, if the car is within the landing zone.
K. Car Door Contacts: Electrical contacts shall prevent the operation of the elevator by normal
operating devices unless car doors are closed or within tolerances allowed by Code.
L. Door Restrictors: Provide door-restricting devices to prohibit the opening of car doors by more
M. Car Sills: Provide properly dimensioned sill blocking to interface with finished flooring inside
1. All sills shall be extended such that the door panels shall remain in the sill when the
doors are in the fully open position.
3. Provide milled stainless-steel sills and matching sill extensions to align edge of sill with
2.12 CAR ENCLOSURE:
A. The equipment manufacturer or a vendor approved by the manufacturer shall fabricate the car
a. Passenger Elevators: Provide minimum 14-gauge sheet steel with powder coated or
panels as detailed by Architect.  Ensure light-proof joints and gasket or secure to
b. Service Elevators: Provide minimum 14-gauge sheet steel with powder coated or
the cab.  Provide vent slots in top and bottom of the shell as required by Code.
a. Passenger Elevators: Provide 10 feet-0 inch nominal clear height under canopy.
b. Service Elevators: Provide 10 feet-0 inch nominal clear height under canopy.
cab movement.  Underside of canopy to be finished in 316L Satin Stainless Steel.
6. Interior Panels:
a. Provide mounting method that prevents rattling or vibration.  Installation to
replacement of new cab panels without requiring access to the hoistway or outside
b. .
c. Service Elevators:  Provide removable stand-off panels of Class A fire-rated
construction. Panels to be faced and edged in textured 316L Textured Stainless
Steel.
d. Vent slots at bottom of shell shall be located so that they are concealed behind
custom panels.
a. Passenger Elevators: As detailed on architectural drawings.
b. Service Elevators:  No drop ceiling required. LED light fixtures shall be flush with
c. Service Elevators: LED light fixtures shall be flush with inside canopy surface,
d. Lighting fixtures shall be designed to protect passengers from dislodged bulbs or
broken glass while providing Code compliant illumination.  Arrange for hinged top
e. For Passenger Elevators, if they are selected to be utilized for Construction Use,
a. Cab shell platform shall be a minimum of ¼ inch thick reinforced steel plate.
b. Provide two layers of ¾ inch marine grade plywood which shall be continu